README.md, before:

# Welcome

<sup>Generated from [esoterictemplates/template-paper-plugin](https://github.com/esoterictemplates/template-paper-plugin)</sup>

[![Project status: completed](./assets/images/badges/status.svg)](./)

> A commissioned Minecraft plugin that displays a title and changing subtitle when a player joins the server. 

![Demonstration video](./assets/gifs/demo.gif)

## License

&copy; 2024-2025 [Esoteric Enderman](https://enderman.dev)

[Welcome](https://github.com/EsotericEnderman/welcome) is licensed under the [AGPL 3.0](./LICENSE) only.

## Topics

<sup>[minecraft](https://github.com/topics/minecraft), [minecraft-plugin](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-plugin), [paper-plugin](https://github.com/topics/paper-plugin), [minecraft-plugins](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-plugins), [minecraftplugin](https://github.com/topics/minecraftplugin), [minecraft-java](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-java), [minecraftplugins](https://github.com/topics/minecraftplugins), [minecraft-java-edition](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-java-edition), [minecraft-plugin-development](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-plugin-development), [minecraftjavaedition](https://github.com/topics/minecraftjavaedition), [papermc-plugin](https://github.com/topics/papermc-plugin), [plugin-minecraft](https://github.com/topics/plugin-minecraft), [minecraftjava](https://github.com/topics/minecraftjava), [papermc-plugins](https://github.com/topics/papermc-plugins), [minecraft-paper](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-paper), [paper-plugins](https://github.com/topics/paper-plugins), [minecraft-paper-plugin](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-paper-plugin), [minecraft-java-plugin](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-java-plugin), [paper-plugin-development](https://github.com/topics/paper-plugin-development), [minecraft-java-server](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-java-server)</sup>

Commit message:

[ci skip] Link to config.yml in README.md

README.md, after:

# Welcome

<sup>Generated from [esoterictemplates/template-paper-plugin](https://github.com/esoterictemplates/template-paper-plugin)</sup>

[![Project status: completed](./assets/images/badges/status.svg)](./)

> A commissioned Minecraft plugin that displays a title and changing subtitle when a player joins the server. 

![Demonstration video](./assets/gifs/demo.gif)

Titles, subtitles and durations are all fully configurable. See [config.yml](./src/main/resources/config.yml) for details.

## License

&copy; 2024-2025 [Esoteric Enderman](https://enderman.dev)

[Welcome](https://github.com/EsotericEnderman/welcome) is licensed under the [AGPL 3.0](./LICENSE) only.

## Topics

<sup>[minecraft](https://github.com/topics/minecraft), [minecraft-plugin](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-plugin), [paper-plugin](https://github.com/topics/paper-plugin), [minecraft-plugins](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-plugins), [minecraftplugin](https://github.com/topics/minecraftplugin), [minecraft-java](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-java), [minecraftplugins](https://github.com/topics/minecraftplugins), [minecraft-java-edition](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-java-edition), [minecraft-plugin-development](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-plugin-development), [minecraftjavaedition](https://github.com/topics/minecraftjavaedition), [papermc-plugin](https://github.com/topics/papermc-plugin), [plugin-minecraft](https://github.com/topics/plugin-minecraft), [minecraftjava](https://github.com/topics/minecraftjava), [papermc-plugins](https://github.com/topics/papermc-plugins), [minecraft-paper](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-paper), [paper-plugins](https://github.com/topics/paper-plugins), [minecraft-paper-plugin](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-paper-plugin), [minecraft-java-plugin](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-java-plugin), [paper-plugin-development](https://github.com/topics/paper-plugin-development), [minecraft-java-server](https://github.com/topics/minecraft-java-server)</sup>
